South Korea may have an ant problem.
Although it's not these type of ants,
but rather these.
>> There are more than 14 million retail
investors in South Korea who are called
ants. Individually, they don't have much
power, but collectively they have a
greater influence in the market.
And these ants have been busy,
>> not by more than 100% so far this year.
Just an unbelievable rally.
>> It's really quite extraordinary what's
happening in Korean stocks at the
moment.
>> The Cosby index, which tracks Korea's
public companies, climbed 200% over the
last 12 months. Compare that to other
major markets like the S&P or even the
NASDAQ, and Korea's performance blows
them out of the water. That means it has
more than tripled over the past 12
months. Retail investors, they've been
the main driver of the Cosby feed. We
can see signs of being a little bit
maniac and a lot of people borrowing
money to invest in stocks.
>> And amid the mania is a mounting fear
that a bubble will soon burst.
>> The AI bubble debate is absolutely
raging right now. South Korea is one of
the biggest beneficiary of the global AI
trade because it has two of the world's
largest memory chip makers.
>> Korean stocks are really maximizing
being beneficiaries of the AI capex
bubble. That's the amount of money
that's pouring in around the world, but
particularly in the US from the mega cap
stocks into building AI data centers.
>> So, are South Korea's retail investors
building towards the future or will they
get wiped out? I don't have a strong
insight of when it goes wrong. But when
the AI bubble collapses, the pain in
Korea is going to be extraordinary.
AI investment is in hyperdrive. 2025 saw
the four biggest US tech companies,
Amazon, Google, Meta, and Microsoft
spending $376 billion on capital
expenditures. And the industry is on
track to spend a whopping $725 billion
in 2026. Data centers need memory chips,
the specialized semiconductors that
store and rapidly feed information to AI
processes. The design and manufacturer
of these critical components is
dominated by two Korean companies,
Samsung Electronics and SKH Highness.
>> The scale of gains we're seeing are
really quite extraordinary.
>> At points this year, Samsung has seen
its stock rise 500% while SKH Highix has
surged more than 1,000%.
In 2025, Taiwan's TSMC outperformed SKH
Highix and Samsung, but this is expected
to change with TSMC being overtaken by
its rivals. We're really seeing really
incredible amounts of value produced.
Korea is making real hard earnings.
>> If you go to the streets in a cafe or
bars in South Korea these days, you can
easily hear people talking about Samsung
Electronics and SK Heinix. They easily
talk about whether it's still not too
late to buy the stock, whether one
should buy more.
>> Korea's booming AI fueled market has
produced big winners, especially if you
got in early.
>> Because I work in the taco industry and
I worked in AI company since 2017.
So I believe in that future. I'm sitting
on the position of 1300%
of gain.
>> That's incredible.
>> Yeah, because I invest in the five years
ago. A lot of people say Cosby's market
rally is driven by fundamental, but to
certain extent, we can see certain
pockets of the market that are driven by
sentiment such as the fear of missing
out. In South Korea, there's expectation
that at certain age, you want to have a
good job, you want to own a house, and
then you want to start a family. Young
people who feel like they're out of
options to own a house are starting to
invest in stock so they can start to
build wealth.
Churn Shukj known as Shuka is a
well-known social media personality or
influencer. He says the ants are just
trying to get ahead.
Investing in the stock market can be
risky, especially if debt's part of the
equation. Despite profiting from the
market, this investor didn't want her
face to be shown because she hadn't told
her family about the scale of her
investing or the leverage she'd taken
on.
This investor has seen their portfolio's
value rise to $655,000
US. A large part of her portfolio is
made up of leveraged ETFs, investments
designed to multiply daily returns, but
they can also multiply losses. These are
ETFs that offer two times or three times
the return of the market, which are
clearly great when it goes up, but not
so good when it collapses.
>> Hold that thought till after this. This
is an incredible comeback story.
>> Uncover more at bloomberg.com/vide.
>> Cheering this bullishness on is Korea's
President Lee Jay Mong. He's encouraged
the shift from investing in housing to
financial markets. The former trader
turned politician has enacted sweeping
reforms, leveling the playing field for
smaller shareholders and strengthening
corporate accountability.
But if the market falls, his popularity
could fall with it.
>> There is definitely a risk of tying
one's political success too deeply with
the stock market performance because
South Korea has so many retail
investors. Out of 51 million population,
14 million people are retail investors.
The strong market performance definitely
has a huge appeal to voters.
>> The bubble here is not in Korean stocks.
What happens is a bubble in the US means
that the real world beneficiaries are
just making money hand over fist as long
as the AI capex bubble last. Which
brings us back to AI spending. Any sign
it's slowing down exposes South Korea's
market to volatility that could wipe out
investor wealth. That's because Samsung
and SKHEX make up more than 50% of the
cost peak.
>> The Korean stock market trades like a
penny stock or trades like an individual
volatile stock because in many ways it
is just two stocks. If the AI
transformation doesn't return the profit
they were expected to and if there's any
hiccups in the kak spending or some kind
of a slowdown in the US big tech
spending South Korea might be the first
in the world to witness what kind of
impact that's going to have on the
market.
>> A recent study by Bay & Co. of nearly a
thousand global companies found AI cost
savings broadly fell short of
projections. A result the survey says
should be making executives
uncomfortable.
>> When this AI capex bubble bursts, the
Korean stock market will collapse and
then the economy in Korea will suffer a
deep recession. The problem is is that
I'm not trying to call the top. And I
don't know when the top is.
>> The risk is becoming apparent. South
Korea's financial watchdog now says it
regrets the launch of leveraged ETFs.
On March 4th this year, the Cosby
plunged 12% pulled down by concerns over
the Middle East conflict. South Korea's
ants, those hoping AI will help them
build generational wealth, may be some
of the most at risk.
>> We are finding some balance between the
hope and doom market scenario as well.
Now, I'm looking for the China market as
well. We know that the AI bubble cannot
inflate at infinitum. The problem is you
can't get ahead of that story. If the AI
capex bubble continues for another year,
Korean stocks will double or triple
again. You can't really preempt the turn
until you know exactly when the bubble
will burst.